toshii

medium

# Fetching asset prices from oracle does not check for stale prices, which can lead to invalid prices for assets

## Summary

When fetching a price from the XOracle contract, there is no check as to whether the price received is stale, which can lead to invalid prices for assets being used in core protocol logic.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `getPrice` and `getLastestPrice` functions of the XOracle contract do not check whether the price of the asset being requested is stale. For example, the `getLatestPrice` function is defined as follows:
```solidity
function getLatestPrice(address asset) public view returns (uint256) {
	return prices[asset].price;
}
```
There is no check as to when the price was last updated for this asset. The issue is that potentially during times of high network congestion, it might be impossible to update this price. Additionally, if the oracle feeder goes down to any number of reasons, the price for an asset which will be referenced in core protocol logic will be incorrect. This affects both pricing of assets and liabilities, and also impacts the core swapping functionality. 

It is standard practice for oracles (e.g. chainlink) that you check whether a price is stale.

## Impact

Lack of checking whether a price is stale from the XOracle contract can result in the price of assets being stale, which can impact core protocol functionality and lead to losses due to arbitrage. 

## Code Snippet

Referenced lines of code:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-unitasprotocol/blob/main/Unitas-Protocol/src/XOracle.sol#L49-L56
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-unitasprotocol/blob/main/Unitas-Protocol/src/XOracle.sol#L58-L60

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

For a given `asset`, compare the `prices[asset].timestamp` to the current `block.timestamp` to determine whether the price is stale, based on a certain threshold. It is reasonable that this threshold might be different for different assets, so this can be stored within the `Price` struct.