Tendency

high

# Protocol Won't be Able to Receive Portfolio Sent Out For Yield Generation

## Summary
Due to an incorrect require check in [PoolBalances._receivePortfolio](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-unitasprotocol/blob/d5328421bea80e3b0fd4595e4eb6b732a40e421e/Unitas-Protocol/src/PoolBalances.sol#L64), the protocol is currently unable to receive its portfolio along with the yield generated from the yield protocol. This limitation prevents the protocol from retrieving the complete value of its portfolio
## Vulnerability Detail
In Unitas Protocol, additional portfolios are utilized in the pool to generate yield from protocols such as Curve, Aave, Balancer, etc.
sponsors comment 
`"the unitas foundation will manually add USDT to insurance pool. If there is enough USDT available in reserve pool, the unitas foundation may utilize some of insurance pool USDT to generate additional yield. 
portfolio = USDT going to Curve/Aave/Balancer etc to generate yield"`
 The portfolio represents the amount of a specific token that has been sent out from the reserve pool for yield generation, i.e. USDT.

However, the current implementation of the `_receivePortfolio` function restricts the contract from receiving the portfolio plus any additional yield earned from the chosen yield farm. This restriction is enforced by the following check:

```solidity
 function _receivePortfolio(address token, address sender, uint256 amount) internal virtual {
        AddressUtils.checkNotZero(token);
        AddressUtils.checkNotZero(sender);
        _checkAmountPositive(amount);
        _require(sender != address(this), Errors.SENDER_INVALID);

        uint256 portfolio = _getPortfolio(token);
        _require(amount <= portfolio, Errors.AMOUNT_INVALID); //<--@audit HERE

        _setPortfolio(token, portfolio - amount);

        IERC20(token).safeTransferFrom(sender, address(this), amount);

        emit PortfolioReceived(token, sender, amount);
    }
```
This check ensures that the amount being received is less than or equal to the stored portfolio balance. As a result, when attempting to receive the portfolio along with the accrued yield, the transaction fails because the received amount exceeds the stored portfolio balance.

For example, if 1,000 USDT is initially sent out to Curve for yield generation, the stored portfolio will be set to 1,000 USDT, after generating yield, the portfolio balance increases to 1,100 USDT. However, when trying to receive the portfolio back along with the accrued yield of 100 USDT, the `_receivePortfolio` function checks if 1,100 USDT is less than or equal to the stored portfolio balance of 1,000 USDT, causing the transaction to fail.

This restriction makes it impossible for the protocol to redeem its portfolio plus the accrued yield, hindering the ability to retrieve the total value of the portfolio including the additional yield earned.

## Impact
The current implementation prevents the protocol from receiving its portfolio plus the accrued yield from the yield generator, resulting in financial loss for the protocol.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-unitasprotocol/blob/d5328421bea80e3b0fd4595e4eb6b732a40e421e/Unitas-Protocol/src/PoolBalances.sol#L111
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-unitasprotocol/blob/d5328421bea80e3b0fd4595e4eb6b732a40e421e/Unitas-Protocol/src/PoolBalances.sol#L64

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Since the portfolio should have accrued yield, a better check will be, 

```solidity
    function _receivePortfolio(address token, address sender, uint256 amount) internal virtual {
        AddressUtils.checkNotZero(token);
        AddressUtils.checkNotZero(sender);
        _checkAmountPositive(amount);
        _require(sender != address(this), Errors.SENDER_INVALID);

        uint256 portfolio = _getPortfolio(token);
      ++_require(amount >= portfolio, Errors.AMOUNT_INVALID);

        _setPortfolio(token, portfolio - amount);

        IERC20(token).safeTransferFrom(sender, address(this), amount);

        emit PortfolioReceived(token, sender, amount);
    }
```
