moneyversed

medium

# Unrestricted Deposit and Withdrawal Operations

## Summary

The `depositCollateral` and `withdrawCollateral` functions in the InsurancePool.sol contract can only be called by addresses with the `GUARDIAN_ROLE` or `WITHDRAWER_ROLE`. This means that depositing and withdrawing operations are restricted to the addresses granted these roles, creating a potential centralization issue.

## Vulnerability Detail

These two functions are only allowed to be called by the guardian or withdrawer:

`function depositCollateral(address token, uint256 amount) external onlyGuardian nonReentrant`
   
`function withdrawCollateral(address token, uint256 amount) external onlyGuardianOrWithdrawer nonReentrant`

This implies that only a limited number of addresses (those that have been granted these roles) can perform these operations, which in essence creates a centralization vulnerability.

## Impact

This could lead to a significant security risk as these privileged addresses could potentially abuse their permissions to deposit and withdraw funds arbitrarily, leading to potential loss or theft of funds.

## Code Snippet

   ```solidity
   function depositCollateral(address token, uint256 amount) external onlyGuardian nonReentrant {
       ...
   }

   function withdrawCollateral(address token, uint256 amount) external onlyGuardianOrWithdrawer nonReentrant {
       ...
   }
   ```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-unitasprotocol/blob/main/Unitas-Protocol/src/InsurancePool.sol#L83-L90

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-unitasprotocol/blob/main/Unitas-Protocol/src/InsurancePool.sol#L98-L109

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

A mitigation to this issue is to decentralize the roles for depositing and withdrawing funds. This could be achieved by implementing a DAO model, where the community has the power to propose and vote on decisions related to the operation of the smart contract.

## Proof of Concept (Steps to reproduce)

1. Deploy the InsurancePool.sol contract on a local blockchain with the initial addresses set as the guardian and withdrawer.
2. Call the `depositCollateral` and `withdrawCollateral` functions with the guardian or withdrawer address.
3. Check the balance before and after the calls to confirm the arbitrary deposit and withdrawal operations.