dirk_y

high

# Lack of oracle timestamp validation could result in stale or permanently manipulated prices

## Summary
It is possible for the oracle feeder to call `putPrice` with any timestamp value greater than the previous timestamp. A bug or exploit in the off-chain oracle feeder could update one/many asset prices to an arbitrarily high timestamp (worst case of `type(uint64).max`). At this point further price updates with proper timestamps will fail and the price of the asset will be stale, leading to permanent loss.

## Vulnerability Detail
When updating the price for an asset, the oracle feeder only has to ensure that the new timestamp is greater than the previous timestamp:

```solidity
require(prev_timestamp < timestamp, "Outdated timestamp");
```

Since we cannot trust off-chain code or the APIs that the off-chain code relies on, we shouldn't assume that the timestamp submitted is always going to be valid. Due to a bug in the off-chain code, or due to some off-chain exploit, the oracle feeder could feasibly update the timestamp to any value greater than the previous timestamp, up to `type(uint64).max`.

The important distinction between this vulnerability vs just being able to set an arbitrary price, is that setting an arbitrary timestamp can be permanent and non-recoverable, and also the protocol has a min/max price tolerance safety check built in.

## Impact
The worst case scenario is that off-chain code is exploited, and the malicious actor updates the price to a price tolerance extreme (either high or low depending on the asset) whilst also setting the timestamp to `type(uint64).max`. At this point there is no way to recover the price to the correct value and the asset price is permanently manipulated.

Another scenario is that the off-chain code has a bug and the timestamp is accidentally miscalculated and inflated. At this point, further price updates will fail until the proper timestamp becomes greater than the last miscalculated timestamp. Price calculations rely on calls to `getLatestPrice`, so the price returned by this method will be stale. Alternatively the oracle feeder could artificially inflate the timestamp to recover from this error, however the timestamp would then be incorrect going forwards and would impact any front-ends or other dependent protocols relying on the timestamp of calls to `getPrice`.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-unitasprotocol/blob/main/Unitas-Protocol/src/XOracle.sol#L26-L32

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
There should be a sanity check for the timestamp argument in `putPrice`. I would recommend adding some tolerance to account for transaction delays:

```solidity
require(timestamp < block.timestamp + TIMESTAMP_TOLERANCE && timestamp > block.timestamp - TIMESTAMP_TOLERANCE, "Timestamp out of range");
```

where `TIMESTAMP_TOLERANCE` is a constant with a permitted block timestamp range e.g. 100.