YakuzaKiawe

medium

# Gas griefing/theft is possible on unsafe call

YakuzaKiawe

medium

# Gas griefing/theft is possible on unsafe call

## Summary
The vulnerability allows the attacker to call a function that consumes a lot of gas, without paying for the gas themselves.

## Vulnerability Detail
This line in the _execute method shows that it is possible that _execute is usually called by relayers. This opens up a new attack-vector in the contract and it is gas griefing on the ETH transfer.

```solidity
(bool success, ) = target.call{value: value}(data);
```

Now (bool success, ) is actually the same as writing (bool success, bytes memory data) which basically means that even though the data is omitted it doesn’t mean that the contract does not handle it. Actually, the way it works is the bytes data that was returned from the receiver will be copied to memory. Memory allocation becomes very costly if the payload is big, so this means that if a receiver implements a fallback function that returns a huge payload, then the msg.sender of the transaction, in our case the relayer, will have to pay a huge amount of gas for copying this payload to memory.

## Impact
Malicious actor can launch a gas griefing attack on a relayer. Since griefing attacks have no economic incentive for the attacker and it also requires relayers.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-unitasprotocol/blame/d5328421bea80e3b0fd4595e4eb6b732a40e421e/Unitas-Protocol/src/TimelockController.sol#L340

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use a low-level assembly `call` since it does not automatically copy return data to memory.

```solidity
bool success;
assembly {
    success := call(gas, receiver, value, add(calldata, 0x20), mload(calldata), 0, 0)
}
```

