XDZIBEC

medium

# XO-Insufficient Token Balance Check in _sendPortfolio Function

## Summary
- The vulnerability  is in the line of code that calls the` safeTransfer()` function. This function will revert if the sender does not have enough `tokens` to send, the code does not check to see if the `sender` has enough tokens before calling the` safeTransfer()` function. This means that it is possible for the function to send more `tokens` than the sender has, which will result in a loss of tokens
## Vulnerability Detail
```solidity
 */
    function _sendPortfolio(address token, address receiver, uint256 amount) internal virtual {
        AddressUtils.checkNotZero(token);
        AddressUtils.checkNotZero(receiver);
        _checkAmountPositive(amount);
        _require(receiver != address(this), Errors.RECEIVER_INVALID);

        uint256 portfolio = _getPortfolio(token);
        amount = amount.min(_getBalance(token) - portfolio);

        _require(amount > 0, Errors.POOL_BALANCE_INSUFFICIENT);

        _setPortfolio(token, portfolio + amount);

        IERC20(token).safeTransfer(receiver, amount);

        emit PortfolioSent(token, receiver, amount);
    }

    /**
```
- The `_sendPortfolio()` function is responsible for sending a specified `amount` of tokens to a designated receiver, it fails to include a crucial check to ensure that the sender possesses an adequate token balance before initiating the transfer, and  the `safeTransfer()` function will revert if the sender does not have enough tokens to send and  the code does not check to see if the sender has enough tokens before calling the `safeTransfer()` function. As a result, tokens may be sent even if the sender does not possess enough tokens to fulfill the transaction. This  can lead to a loss of tokens for the sender.
## Impact
-  The vulnerability can result in a loss of tokens for the sender, which can have a significant impact depending on the quantity of tokens involved.
## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-unitasprotocol/blob/main/Unitas-Protocol/src/PoolBalances.sol#L82C1-L101C8
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
- Add a check to the `_sendPortfolio()` function to see if the sender has enough tokens to send.
- Add this line of code to check to see if the sender has enough tokens to send. If the sender does not have enough tokens, the function will revert.
```solidity
 _require(_getBalance(token) >= amount, Errors.INSUFFICIENT_BALANCE);
```