XDZIBEC

high

# XO-_addToken function vulnerability allows attacker to add invalid tokens to pool

## Summary
- The vulnerability is in `_addToken` function so the The `_isTokenTypeValid` function is a pure virtual function, which means that it must be implemented by the child contract, there is no guarantee that the child contract will implement this function. If the child contract does not implement this function, then the `_addToken` function will revert with an error
## Vulnerability Detail
```solidity
 */
    function _addToken(address token, uint8 tokenType) internal virtual tokenNotInPool(token) {
        AddressUtils.checkContract(token);
        _require(_isTokenTypeValid(tokenType), Errors.TOKEN_TYPE_INVALID);

        _require(_typeTokens[tokenType].add(token), Errors.TOKEN_ALREADY_EXISTS);

        _tokenType[token] = tokenType;

        emit TokenAdded(token, tokenType);
    }

    /**
```
- There is a vulnerability in the` _addToken` function. This function is responsible for adding a token to the `pool`, the real problem is in the line  that checks if the token type is valid. The `_isTokenTypeValid` function is a pure `virtual` function, which means that it must be implemented by the child contractr, there is no guarantee that the child contract will implement this function. If the child contract does not implement this function, then the `_addToken` function will `revert` with an `error`,and the proble in the line that calls the `_isTokenTypeValid` function, that line will revert if the child contract does not implement the `_isTokenTypeValid` function, means that an attacker could create a child contract that does not implement this function and then call the  `_addToken` function with a token that has an invalid token type. This would allow the attacker to add the token to the pool, even though the token is not valid
## Impact
- the vulnerability allow an attacker to add the token to the pool, even though the token is not valid.
## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-unitasprotocol/blob/main/Unitas-Protocol/src/TypeTokens.sol#L118C2-L130C8
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
- the `_addToken` function should check if the child contract has implemented the `_isTokenTypeValid` function. If the child contract has not implemented this function, then the `_addToken` function should revert with an error.