XDZIBEC

medium

# XO-constructor allows caller to transfer ownership to themselves

## Summary
- The constructor function of the `UnitasProxyAdmin` contract allows the caller to transfer `ownership` of the contract to themselves. This probllem can  allows an attacker to take control of the contract and steal funds or change the contract's functionality.
## Vulnerability Detail
```solidity
 * @title Proxy admin of the protocol
 */
contract UnitasProxyAdmin is ProxyAdmin {
    /**
     * @notice Initializes the contract with changing owner
     * @dev The constructor of `Ownable` will transfer ownership to `msg.sender` first,
     *      transfers ownership to `owner_` when it is not the same as the caller.
     */
    constructor(address owner_) {
        if (owner_ != owner()) {
            _transferOwnership(owner_);
        }
    }
}
```
- The vulnerability is in the `constructor` function of the `UnitasProxyAdmin` contract, the problem is that the  code will only work if the `owner_` parameter is not the same as the address of the `caller`, there is no guarantee that this will be the case.  means that it is possible for the `caller` to pass in their `own` address as the `owner_` parameter. This would cause the constructor function to transfer `ownership` of the contract to the caller, and the vulnerability  is caused by this line  ` if (owner_ != owner()) {` , if the` owner_` parameter is not equal to the address of the contract, this check does not account for the possibility that the caller could pass in their own address as the `owner_` parameter. This means that the check will always pass, even if the caller is trying to transfer `ownership` of the contract to themselves, this  allows an attacker to take control of the contract and steal funds or change the contract's functionality.
## Impact
- An attacker is able to transfer `ownership` of the contract to themselves, they could do anything they want with it, including stealing funds or changing the contract's functionality.
## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-unitasprotocol/blob/main/Unitas-Protocol/src/UnitasProxyAdmin.sol#L7C1-L20C1
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
- the `constructor` function should be modified to include a check to prevent the caller from transferring `ownership` of the contract to themselves.