XDZIBEC

high

# XO-Buy Fee Field Public in getPair Function

## Summary
- The `buyFee` field in the `getPair` function is public, which means that a malicious user could call the function to get the `buyFee` value and then use that value to exploit the contract. For example, the malicious user could use the `buyFee` value to` front-run` a trade, which would allow them to `buy` or `sell` tokens at a price that is more favorable to them.
## Vulnerability Detail
```solidity 
function getTokenType(address token) external view returns (TokenType);

    function getPair(address tokenX, address tokenY) external view returns (PairConfig memory pair);

    function pairByIndex(uint256 index) external view returns (PairConfig memory pair);
}
```
- The `buyFee` field is a value that represents the percentage of the purchase price that is taken as a fee by the contract. This field should not be public because it could be used by malicious users to `front-run` trades.
- `Front-running` is a type of attack where a malicious user uses knowledge of an upcoming trade to place their own trade ahead of the victim's trade. This allows the malicious user to buy or sell tokens at a price that is more favorable to them, In this case, the malicious user could call the `getPair` function to get the `buyFee` value. Then, the malicious user could place their own trade before the victim's trade. This would allow the malicious user to buy or sell tokens at a price that is less than the price that the victim would pay.
## Impact
- An example of how an attacker could exploit this vulnerability  so the victim wants to buy `100` tokens. The `buyFee` is `1%`, which means that the victim will pay `1` token in `fees`, if the malicious user knows that the victim wants to buy `100` tokens, they can call the `getPair` function to get the `buyFee` value. Then, the malicious user can place their own trade for `100` tokens before the victim's trade. The malicious user will only pay `99` tokens in `fees`, because they will not have to pay the `buyFee`. This means that the malicious user will make a profit of `1` token.
## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-unitasprotocol/blob/main/Unitas-Protocol/src/interfaces/ITokenManager.sol#L57C1-L62C2
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
-The `buyFee` field should be marked as private. This would prevent malicious users from calling the `getPair` function to get the `buyFee` value.