chainNue

medium

# Naive Price oracle design with a simple `putPrice` doesn't have any mechanism to protect from any abnormalities

## Summary

Naive Price oracle design with a simple `putPrice` which doesn't have a threshold mechanism to protect from any abnormalities

## Vulnerability Detail

`putPrice` will impact the protocol directly, updating it by Feeder role with EOA can break the whole system in case EOA get compromised. There are several past hack happen because of EOA being compromised, and if an EOA have a high impact to protocol it can have a disastorous effect if it's exploited.

Current XOracle implementation does not have any protection / failsafe mechanism in case Feeder feed a wrong price, due to any issues. The current price oracle will just accept the price as it is, more over the Feeder is an EOA.

This price oracle is a highly critical aspect in every DeFi protocol. Failed to design a robust price oracle will result in inaccurate or manipulated price data, leading to incorrect valuations, faulty automated actions, and potential financial losses for users. It can compromise the security and integrity of the entire protocol, creating vulnerabilities for various attacks such as flash loan exploits, front-running, or manipulation of decentralized exchanges. Therefore, it is crucial to carefully consider the design and implementation of a robust price oracle to ensure the accuracy and reliability of price data within the DeFi ecosystem.

## Impact

Open to oracle failure and compromised protocol

## Code Snippet

```solidity
File: XOracle.sol
26:     function putPrice(address asset, uint64 timestamp, uint256 price) public onlyRole(FEEDER_ROLE) {
27:         uint64 prev_timestamp = prices[asset].timestamp;
28:         uint256 prev_price = prices[asset].price;
29:         require(prev_timestamp < timestamp, "Outdated timestamp");
30:         prices[asset] = IOracle.Price(asset, timestamp, prev_timestamp, price, prev_price);
31:         emit newPrice(asset, timestamp, price);
32:     }
33:
34:     function updatePrices(IOracle.NewPrice[] calldata _array) external onlyRole(FEEDER_ROLE) {
35:         uint256 arrLength = _array.length;
36:         for(uint256 i=0; i<arrLength; ){
37:             address asset = _array[i].asset;
38:             uint64 timestamp = _array[i].timestamp;
39:             uint256 price = _array[i].price;
40:             putPrice(asset, timestamp, price);
41:             unchecked {
42:                 i++;
43:             }
44:         }
45:     }
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-unitasprotocol/blob/main/Unitas-Protocol/src/XOracle.sol#L26-L45

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Need to have a protection to minimize potential effect, for example implement range threshold update between timestamp and price to protect a sudden change of token price. Implementing data validation, using multiple oracles, and incorporating off-chain data sources can also enhance the security and reliability of the price oracle system.
