mau

medium

# Lack of reserve ratio check in sendPortfolio/receivePortfolio allows undercollateralized transfers

## Summary
The `sendPortfolio` and `receivePortfolio` functions in `Unitas` lacks a crucial reserve ratio check, potentially exposing the protocol to a vulnerability. This function allows the protocol to transfer tokens without verifying the reserve ratio, which could lead to undercollateralization if tokens are transferred when the reserve ratio is not maintained.
 
## Vulnerability Detail
The `sendPortfolio` and `receivePortfolio` functions in `Unitas` transfer tokens without explicitly checking the reserve ratio. This oversight allows the protocol to transfer tokens from its holdings even if the reserve ratio is not met.

## Impact
The absence of a reserve ratio check in the `sendPortfolio` and `receivePortfolio` functions could result in the protocol becoming undercollateralized. If the function is used to transfer tokens when the reserve ratio is not maintained, it could lead to a situation where the protocol's assets are insufficient to cover its liabilities, jeopardizing its stability and solvency.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-unitasprotocol/blob/d5328421bea80e3b0fd4595e4eb6b732a40e421e/Unitas-Protocol/src/Unitas.sol#L258
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-unitasprotocol/blob/d5328421bea80e3b0fd4595e4eb6b732a40e421e/Unitas-Protocol/src/Unitas.sol#LL244C1-L244C1

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
It is recommended to implement a reserve ratio check in the `sendPortfolio` and `receivePortfolio`  functions similar to the one performed in the `swap` function. This check will ensure that transfers are only made when the required reserve ratio is maintained. By incorporating this safeguard, the protocol can avoid undercollateralization risks and maintain the integrity of its reserves, enhancing the overall stability and security of the system.

```solidity
 _checkReserveRatio(reserveRatioThreshold);
```
