Jiamin

medium

# Unitas contract executes swaps without proper slippage protection

## Summary

The Unitas contract executes swaps without proper slippage protection, this puts user at risk of losing funds.

## Vulnerability Detail

The [swap(address tokenIn, address tokenOut, AmountType amountType, uint256 amount)](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-unitasprotocol/blob/main/Unitas-Protocol/src/Unitas.sol#L208-L208) inside Unitas contract does not implement slippage protection when swapping tokens. 

Unitas contract will call [_checkPrice(address quoteToken, uint256 price)](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-unitasprotocol/blob/main/Unitas-Protocol/src/Unitas.sol#L595-L595) function to ensure the price is between the `_minPriceTolerance` and `_maxPriceTolerance`, so user will not get a bad trade.

However, because the exchange rate of a token pair may vary between the moment the user submits the swap transaction and when it's executed, the `_minPriceTolerance` and `_maxPriceTolerance` may also be updated before the execution of the user's transaction, if it is in that case, user will lose price protection from the `_minPriceTolerance` and `_maxPriceTolerance` and lose funds.

For example, a user submits transaction to swap 1000 `USD91` for `USD1`, at the moment the USD91/USD1 rate is 0.012, then the user should get 12 USD1 in return. If USD91 depreciates and the exchange rate becomes 0.01, the `_minPriceTolerance` and `_maxPriceTolerance` will be updated accordingly, user may eventually gets 10 USD1 and suffer a loss of 2 USD1.

## Impact

Large exchange rate fluctuation can lead to loss of funds for the user.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-unitasprotocol/blob/main/Unitas-Protocol/src/Unitas.sol#L208-L208

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Recommend to add a slippage protection in the `swap(address tokenIn, address tokenOut, AmountType amountType, uint256 amount)` function, this can be done by adding a `maxAmountIn` and `minAmountOut` variables in the call and checking if the returned USSD amount is above it or not.

```diff
- function swap(address tokenIn, address tokenOut, AmountType amountType, uint256 amount) 
+ function swap(address tokenIn, address tokenOut, AmountType amountType, uint256 amount, uint256 maxAmountIn, uint256 minAmountOut) 

```